README.md, before:

# To-Do List Web Application

## Overview

This To-Do List web application allows users to easily create, save, and organize their daily tasks. With a clean and intuitive interface, users can efficiently manage their to-do lists, track completed tasks, and prioritize their work. The app is designed to be lightweight and fast.

## Features

- Add new tasks
- Mark tasks as completed
- Delete tasks
- View all tasks
- Display total tasks and active tasks
- Delete all tasks with one click

## Technologies Used

- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

- git clone https://github.com/TatendaTorerwa/CodeAlpha-TodoList.git

2. Open the project folder:

- cd CodeAlpha-TodoList

3. Open index.html in a browser to run the application.

## Deployment

The web application is deployed and accessible through the following domains:

- Main Application
- GitHub Master Branch Deployment
- Development Branch Deployment

## How to Use

- Add tasks by entering text in the input field and pressing the Add button.
- Mark tasks as completed by clicking the checkbox next to the task.
- Delete individual tasks using the Delete button next to each task.
- View total and active tasks in the Total Tasks section.
- Clear the entire list by clicking the Delete All Tasks button.

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to the project by forking the repository and submitting a pull request. Any suggestions for improvements or new features are welcome!

## License

This project is open-source and available under the MIT License.

Commit message:

doc: Add README file with Flutter integration

README.md, after:

# To-Do List Web Application

## Overview
This To-Do List web application allows users to easily create, save, and organize their daily tasks. With a clean and intuitive interface, users can efficiently manage their to-do lists, track completed tasks, and prioritize their work. The app is designed to be lightweight and fast.

In addition to the existing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript implementation, **Flutter** has been integrated to enhance functionality and improve the overall performance of the application. Flutter enables building a more structured and cross-platform user interface for better mobile and web support.

## Features
- Add new tasks
- Mark tasks as completed
- Delete tasks
- View all tasks
- Display total tasks and active tasks
- Delete all tasks with one click
- Flutter implementation added for a smooth and responsive UI

## Technologies Used
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Flutter

## Installation
1. Clone the repository:
    git clone https://github.com/TatendaTorerwa/TodoList.git
    ```

2. Open the project folder:
    cd TodoList
    ```

3. Open `index.html` in a browser to run the web version of the application.

4. For Flutter (mobile/web) version:
   - Ensure you have **Flutter SDK** installed on your machine. You can install it from the official website: [Flutter SDK](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install).
   - Open the project in your IDE (VS Code/Android Studio).
   - Run the following command to fetch dependencies and launch the app:
     ```bash
     flutter pub get
     flutter run
     ```

## Deployment
The web application is deployed and accessible through the following domains:

- **Main Application**: [Link to Web Deployment]
- **Development Branch Deployment**

## How to Use
- Add tasks by entering text in the input field and pressing the **Add** button.
- Mark tasks as completed by clicking the checkbox next to the task.
- Delete individual tasks using the **Delete** button next to each task.
- View total and active tasks in the **Total Tasks** section.
- Clear the entire list by clicking the **Delete All Tasks** button.

## Contributing
Feel free to contribute to the project by forking the repository and submitting a pull request. Any suggestions for improvements or new features are welcome!

## License
This project is open-source and available under the MIT License.i
